hi I'm Nancy J with the celebrity
spotlight on a movie about zombies
bullies and a little boy who sees ghosts
one frame at a time ParaNorman is
stop-motion animation at its finest but
of course it takes a great cast to make
it all come to life how do you describe
ParaNorman um a surprisingly funny and
warm zombie film it's kind of scary
there are some errand moments absolutely
um yeah what what I love is that it kind
of gets scary and then like the zombies
become kind of funny but then you know
more kind of plot unfolds and it's gets
scary and very real again it definitely
feels like if I saw the trailer I
wouldn't expect it to kind of go all the
places that it does and that's what I
love that you know when a film really
surprises you meet normal can't you be
like other kids your age his parents
don't get him he's probably up there
fiddling with this we jaw or as or bury
his sister doesn't like it are such a
loser and the kids at school look it's
abnormal always pick on him but he does
have some friends yeah man wait up I
like to be alone sudha why let's do it
together it's just that most of them
lying aren't exactly alive how's it
hanging Evan
one before juicy goes like all the time
who's a good boy that's not his chin ah
couldn't use another stall time is
running out from the makers of coral I
the witch's ghost is going to wake up
tonight that would she does she'll raise
the dead
you've gotta use your gift of talking to
the dad to stop it this is crazy do I
look crazy
you are might want to give that a few
minutes now to save his time to help oh
yeah I got you oh this is getting
completely
he dead or what a whole lot of guts is
everyone all right nobody got bitten
I've it I hung the backpal this summer
you don't become a hero Norman Norman
this is so Norman by being normal
there's nothing wrong with being scared
Norman long as you don't let it change
who you are
paranorman tell me about Norman who is
Norman Norman is an 11 year old kid who
can see ghosts and no one really
understands him because of that they
don't believe him they bully him and
just because he's different but
eventually the town is overrun by a
curse and they look to him for answers
there are so many messages in this movie
just about believing and in the past in
the future and especially bullies I mean
so yeah so how do you buddy how do you
get them I think that's the cool thing
about paranoia is that you know kids can
look at it as a fun adventure movie but
if they watch it again 10 years later
they would see that it's a very deep
movie and very emotional and it has
those messages in it and I've been
saying that I think people are bullied
because they're different and I think we
all strive to be very different so it's
probably an act of jealousy so I think
if what Norman did is he just stay who
he was didn't try to change to impress
anyone and he became the hero we know
animation we know stop motion but what
really is stop-motion how do you make a
movie like this what would slowly yeah
very slow really slow it's a miniature
world you know like we build a miniature
world to build all the houses in the
streets and the hedges and all the junk
and the gutter and my every tiny little
piece and we build the characters and
they've got steel armatures in them and
then we get done and photographed our
film very slowly so it is its lights on
a set but the perform the actors if you
like our puppets being manipulated by a
real actor who's like Godzilla on this
set you know yeah but it is like a
live-action movie but just in miniature
and real slow what I this what an
unusual story you've got zombies you've
got bullies you have a boy who sees dead
people you've got a little bit of
everything in this yeah well you know
you you cooked up this brewery a rap
back of everything that I loved as a kid
I think it was like if you know when I
started writing it was like if I could
go back and watch a movie that had every
element in it that I could possibly want
to see I think this would be a let it go
on yeah when I read that script I still
got boy that is cool as well you know
and I kind of thought well kids are
going to love this look for ParaNorman
in your real time via
you